ADMIN PANEL
The admin panel has a fixed pane which allows the admins to access the different services.

The chief admin must have the following features: Personnel info and status, modify their status, address any of the issues or services,
set frequently asked questions, assign staff to particular units

//THE ID CARD UNIT 
1. Collect information on ID card renewals      
2. Generate list of ID cards being renewed through DFA's (confirmation)
3. Set status of an ID request (pending, not worked on)
4. System should inform the unit of cards due for expiration


//DEFERRMENT UNIT
1. Receives forms from students applying for deferrment: 
    Views the request in a list and previews the reequest in the form of a modal form
2. Review the reasons and conditions necessary for deferrment
3. Set status of application (Accepted, waiting for approval, Denied)
4. Sent to Registrar
5. Generate report per semester


//CERTIFICATE UNIT
1. Receives forms from students apply for Certificate
2. Checks for eligibility
3. Sets status (being worked on)
4. Sends to Registrar or OOTP for approval


//DFA UNIT
1. Enter the details of student making payment and purpose (CERT, ID, TRANS, DEFER)  
2. Generate weekly or monthly report of requests' payment done
3. Generate reports on purposes of payments
4. Set status of payment (received, balance remaining (might have to review that))


//REGISTRAR'S OFFICE
1. Receives forms from Deferment Unit and processes it (Accepted, Denied)
2.  a. Receives forms from Transcript Unit
    b. Checks eligibility
    c. Makes Decision (Approve, Denied)
3.  a. Receives Certificate Applications
    b. Checks eligibility and sets status (Being worked on)
    c. Forwards to the office of the president for approval
    d. Receives approval from the OOTP
    e. Sets status based on approval (Accepted, Denied)


//THE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT
1.  a. Receives forms for approval on Transcripts
    b. Checks for eligibility
    c. Approves
2.  a. Receives forms for approval on Certificates
    b. Checks for eligibility
    c. Approves


//Users
1. Students Register after selecting their service
2. Fill forms pertaining the service they want (Cert, ID, Transcript, Deferment)
3. Track their requests' status
4. Keep track of their request with token number
